---
title: "L-file - Usogui database launch!"
publishedAt: 2026-02-03
---

The Usogui fansite is up right now!
  
<a href="https://l-file.com" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">
  L-file
</a>
  
Although it took a bit of troubleshooting to get the DNS and deployments working, it is finally live. Unfortunately, I still have a lot of work to do to clean up the website and ensure it is stable with mostly completed features.

This project was occupying my mind over the past few weeks so I decided to really focus in on it. From my experience, it really is hard for me to touch on every single project I have going for me. Granted, I was able to move things along for everything, but very incrementally for the other projects/goals. I want to write more for this site and my story, I want to learn Japanese properly, I want to make a video essay and/or live stream, and I want to do so many other things. Even though I liked multitasking back then, it is a lot harder for me to do now cause I want to give more attention and ensure higher quality in the things I do.

This is shown through my lesser use of my second monitor on my desktop, listening to music less when on a specific task like writing this post, and sort of ignoring other goals until I finish the one at the forefront of my mind. I have an urge to make this more efficient, but really, I should focus on fixing my sleep schedule and bad habits I've developed over the past year. I just get caught up in trying to complete things that when I notice the time, it's 2 AM (well 3 AM more recently). This is in part my shifts at my current job being in the evenings, but mostly in part to giving in to letting things like gaming or watching videos eat away at the end of the night.

Despite this, these shouldn't be excuses and be more so a guide on what I should tackle for this month. Rather than being an absolute degenerate and let these things solidify in my psyche, I need to take action to break the subtle limits that dictate my current nature.