All right, so who exactly is Rain? Well, Rain is definitely just an analog for myself. A boy who dreams really big but feels like he needs to be justified before acting. Now what does this mean? Because I'm starting to see through lines, but I question myself. And this, truly, I guess, is my core issue. Because I am incredibly—okay, maybe not incredibly—but I am lazy. Now I know this is more of like a mindset different, but that's kind of the truthful thing. But why? I'm not necessarily lazy when it comes to, let's say, working at my job and actually focusing on, you know, all the tasks that are needed for me. But when it comes to my own personal life—example of driving myself to properly work on, say, writing this book or learning Japanese—I hesitate, or I spend too much time thinking about it or researching rather than actually doing it.

But why is that? I think it kind of goes back to that specific through line that was mentioned, which is that I need some sort of justification, some sort of proof or signal, before I can actually follow the real desire. Does that mean I need a guarantee? Not necessarily. Because then I used to try to work on a video game back then, and even though I did dev logs and all that, it was during the moment—it was a nice feeling to come to work towards that dream of making a full game. I think it was a multiplayer game, but that's besides the point. I used to have that, I guess, carefree feeling of working on something that matters to me, rather than what could this thing bring to me, like some sort of, I guess, monetary gain or just any guarantee afterwards.

Now, have I lost that sort of feeling? I don't think so. For example, with the L file site—the So Good Database—what is a project that I worked on and spent a lot of time on. And despite using, you know, AI tools or whatnot, I still had to really push through and make it a reality. And now it is. And what did I get from it? Maybe some a little bit of help, but realistically not really that much. I think now I'm at that point where it is more like a sense of achievement. Like, "Oh, I created this thing that doesn't exist," and for me, that is fulfilling. But I still have yet to write a whole book. Perhaps there's a little bit of distraction. I don't necessarily think so, but I don't know. Maybe it's like a simplified, or rather easier, thing to work on because, like I said, I kind of vibe coded that. Whereas with writing, yes I can use AI—which I am kind of using only to structure my thoughts but not necessarily to pick the ideas. Because yes, it's been clear that a lot of idea, let's say AI ideas, they get very—I don't know what's the word—streamlined, I guess. Simplified, I think that's the thing. And in a lot of, in some cases it's very precise and aligned, and then in others it's kind of skewed. And it's kind of getting to a point where it's a little bit hard to figure out what sort of matters and isn't necessarily my vision, if you will.

Now, what is it that future me—or rather, I want to see out of Rain, or more so to see out of myself? I want to become that person who is unburdened by doubt, by external validation, by distraction. And that I can actually focus and create the things that matter to me rather than being stuck in a loop my whole life. That's sort of the point of why I've done, arguably, some reckless things. I would say not necessarily reckless, but others would probably call it reckless. Let's say quitting my job and trying to move into learning Japanese. All those aim to push me out of my current zone because that is the one thing I've identified: I've been finding myself in a little bit of comfort. It's time to change on that.

Now, I'm trying to locate what sort of past experiences have led me to this point. It's kind of hard to really identify, but some things I can recall include being kind of gifted and talented during elementary school. I guess that sort of feedback turned me incredibly lazy during middle school, and that sort of persisted through high school. Another thing to note is after elementary school I was mostly sort of the outsider because I would have to commute, so I could not take part in any of the afterschool activities. And instead of doing all those activities, I'd rather go on the computers in the library or watch TV and immerse myself in either cool stories or fun video games like Roblox. I think in terms of the artistic side, definitely more on the dreamer's level of things rather than the actual doing.

I do have a memory of taking an art class in middle school and really not liking it because it was very rigid in its teaching. Like, yes we need to learn the foundational stuff, but I'm not sure what it was. Maybe it's 'cause I did not realize the whole point of art is to do whatever you want, but I felt very limited to be in that class, to have to do the specific thing of "you need to make a portrait" or this assignment. I didn't really identify that it could've been a portrait of anything rather than whatever it is—I guess more efficient or is more direct portrait of a thing, of a person. Why not? So there is that kind of a big thing in my life.

And I wonder what it is with it. My current guess could be, since I sort of grew up without too much tech and had to sort of settle with, I guess, the older things and whatnot, whenever I had the opportunity to interact with a computer or one, I would try to save it, try to actually learn and do some fun things. Like when someone at my school found out I could boot up an emulator, I'd be trying to figure out how they did that. Some other creative things I can recall—or this is not really a creative thing—but I distinctly remember being really enveloped in the idea of Greek mythology after reading, probably, Percy Jackson but also learning about Greek myths in—I'm not entirely sure where—maybe in a class or something. But the Greek myths really fascinated me, all these stories of gods and whatnot doing insane stuff.

A real creative thing I sort of did was trying to make Duel Disks during elementary school and have a fun day creating a little physical replica. That thing is from a series I like which is Yu-Gi-Oh! at the time. I mean, I still like it now. But it's interesting to say I would make them out of paper clips and paper. I think I would sell them for the school's currency or something.

Make sure artistic goals, I'd say it only really developed during creating something. And that initially turned into video game making, an online experience. Or not initially, it was seen from RPG Maker into Roblox, a little bit of Unity. But at the end point I realized, well, yes, I don't wanna make a game. I think the primary focus at this point is a story. That's the thing I identified through it all. For me, more than that, it is this idea of making a meaningful story, one that gives me the same level of impact as say games I played like Persona or as imaginative and fun as Five Days. So I return to the idea of needing permission sort of in my life. Meaning for sure there's this idea of permission to do anything really. Like needed permission before, or rather needed to check with my parents if they were okay with, say, me staying after school. And often times that wouldn't work with the schedule. So I think part of the thing might be that sort of assumed—assumed that they would be busy all the time. Moreover, I do not want them to be burdened by an additional ask. I wanted no sense—I think I accepted this idea that even though my parents support it, it's more like I have to figure out everything on my own. So there's that sense of self-authority that I had to manage.
