\#\# Expression

Claire represents the idea of being so filled with thoughts that would normally make you overthink any given situation, but because Claire adapted to her mind, she is able to calculate solutions to absurd issues. I think of her as the “perfect” version of overthinking where it can be utilized in such a way that she can accomplish extraordinary things through her racing mind. I realize that this is very similar to the character Bullseye from Daredevil, where they both are extremely intelligent people that become extremely flawed due to their talents. For Claire, I haven’t truly established what her flaw is outside of simple overthinking. I am considering a pivot to make her more of a very talented character but is plagued by a constant worry for others around her. Because she is so talented, the difference in processing and more often than not awareness by others have delineated her from most people. The origin for what I am building this character from is simply the want to make a character that can shoot bullets out of the air as her immediate appeal for the introduction of her character. 

Elements of myself that I wanted to include was more of an extreme version of my own overthinking and constant hesitation when deciding what to do. I myself often have to do long sessions of research when picking the “best” piece of technology to buy or considering all my options for any given scenario. An idea I’m kind of interested in implementing is the idea that Claire is addicted to the overthinking. Maybe not directly, but similar to my constant need to be making an informed (or really justifiable/reasonable) decision, she goes overboard with what she spends her focus on. 

Considering her ability is practically visual calculus with a execution program (basically, she can make predictions and preprogram immediate actions to complete her task), I was thinking her ability evolves into a more passive or subconscious calculation she doesn’t worry about. Her ability is one I am still trying to fine tune, but the key points are that she should be able to calculate trajectories at an extreme pace for a set (calculated) time, then she executes all actions perfectly based on the calculations and her intent. In a sense, she is also the embodiment of my own perfectionism. However, my own perfectionism is more of a fear of losing potential rather than perfecting the thing itself which I am not sure would need to be integrated to Claire (since Rain is an analogue for myself).
