I want to make a character that becomes a love interest for Rain, but isn’t the main focus of the initial story. I want to impart some ideas of stuff I like from existing female characters I like, but make them in a way that really fits what I would think an ideal partner would be. Back then, my middle school and high school years were filled with yearnings of having a girlfriend, but never actually pursuing anyone. I would be considered the polite guy who wanted to do fun and cool things like make a video game or imagine myself reenacting my favorite moments in shows.

Basically, I never really let myself have an opportunity to connect with girls during school. Usually it was merely a passing conversation about the class and never what was actually interesting or sharing hobbies to enjoy. As a result, on top of being mostly a “good boy” for my family, I focused on my school and never seriously pursued a relationship at all with girls.

Now, I realize in hindsight it was this growing feeling of isolation or my joke of being a hermit who does his own thing was the driving force that kept me from connecting in a vague manner. What’s odd is that it’s not like I couldn’t speak to others, it was a feeling that I didn’t really connect with people cause I needed them to show the same vulnerability I wanted to give. 

In regards to how this affects my ideas, I really like characters who have some weird or fun mask that hides their internal yearning for something. I had an inkling of this idea when I gathered some of my favorite female characters in stories, but only really noticed the direct result once I fed it into a LLM to check for trends. I particularly like the character Marie from Persona 4 Golden which took a lot of introspection to find that I personally related to her struggles. The idea that I push everyone away from me because I inherently feel like I need to solve my own issues by myself is a compelling story to me. Combine that with the fact she is inherently quirky and attempts to write poems about her feelings, I realized she these parts of the character were within my own life but in a more indirect way. Those attempts to making stuff directly reflects all of the many random projects and things I wanted to make throughout my life: video games, 2d avatar models, modding, website creation, music writing, etc. I try all of these things but I feel so mediocre even when finishing them. For the quirky part, I find myself more and more doing weird things normal people don’t usually do. Not sure if it’s a growing rebellion in me, but I think it’s a defined part of my own core being at this point.

So for this character, I want her to be of a character who simply does the thing I want to be able to do the most, to actually create things without so much worry about the result or any fears affecting them. Although Shiori was a name found through the elements of making a character with a simple name alluding to her nature, I like the idea she is a character who tries to bookmark her spot in time. As in, she tries to actively save/record the current moment for future reference as she wants to recall it in the future. 

I think an aspect I want to incorporate into her character is a memory problem. Something about memories has compelled me to make the story’s main motif about memory. Perhaps it’s a subconscious enjoyment of the idea of adjusting memories for the story. Examples include the movie Memento, Marie from Persona 4, Hal from Usogui. 