5 Overarching Arcs

Fugitive - Rain seemingly running away from his problems that have been thrust upon him, but really he’s avoiding the stuff in himself, the introspection. He is forced to be portrayed as a fugitivere as a result of a singular small commitment to being uncomfortable (making a decision to change the status quo of his life; aka break the cycle of his commute for a moment to explore the ghost). 

This mirrors the act of going your own path in the sense that the people that are with you often don’t see the true potential or really the necessary action of letting go of the life they perceive is life. People will be concerned for your safety and will keep questioning your decisions until you “succeed” and prove them wrong. While that is true, by the end of the story, it’s simply to prove to yourself that you must live within that discomfort.

Asylum - An abandoned asylum that’s been repurposed as a refuge for the broken. Establishes Vesper’s kindness and showcases how effective his methods (not fully revealed that he is manipulating/removing memories from people). But, it’s actually very dystopian and by the end of the arc, he betrays the group. Likely here he will cause Roxana to be effectively paralyzed (her body loses the memory of being able to stand or have tenacity) and will cause Claire to follow him due to her goals/philosophy (the surefire high probability of solving her existential threat, perhaps a terminal illness or something else, not sure). Both Rain and Roxana are captured.

The patients/refugees we see in the asylum are people that are happy and seem to feel free. They don’t have any random or defining irrational quirks making them a bit more forgettable. They do stuff to make the asylum more of a sanctuary, but only through tasks and never making things on their own accord. They seem content and are stuck in the bubble that is the asylum. 

A key thing to note is how tragic the actual details of each of the patients we see in the asylum are, but they never seem to be really burdened by it anymore. It should show just how technically correct their removal of the pains/struggles are; that they are seemingly high functioning and do plenty of good now. But what’s lost is subtle, the human core is gone and in a way, it’s like they are NPCs designed to make the asylum look good rather than being actual people building their own stories. 

This puts into question whether letting people get these struggles removed is truly a good thing. It is a good thing in terms of a utilitarian view or strictly “moral” good idea, but it is a subtle disgrace against the beauty of humanity. Yet, how could I convince people who have all these traumas and such to see they have the potential to act in spite these things? I don’t think there’s any possible answer that I could impart; that it is only through lived experience that you can prove it to yourself it’s possible. Even though it is never guaranteed and could lead to death/ruin anyways.

Prison - An intrusive and claustrophobic cell with deprivation pods designed to pacify the deviants/troublemakers in society. Rain faces all of his internal struggles and truly sees them visually within his mind. He must kill the self that likes infinite potential, so he kills every single possibility of his selves until only he himself remains. Once he triggers his own awakening, I think his passive ability ghost will play a role in activating Roxana’s ability remotely to escape the deprivation tanks. It acts on his own will subconsciously and reaches for the nearest person to connect with. By it appearing to Roxana, she is able to 

Train - Looping transit to give an opportunity for the party to figure out a plan or what to do. They have arguments on if they should pursue Vesper as on paper he is doing stuff that is truly saving society. Opportunity to reveal parts of each character like what Roxana faced in the deprivation chamber and Claire’s secret (illness?). 

Volcano? - The group fully commits to chasing down Vesper and stopping him from enacting forced correction onto the populace. 